Update section on form_for compatibility (#1644)
ViewComponent/view_component: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## main

> * Improve documentation of known error re. `form_for`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve documentation of known incompatibilities with Rails form helpers.
```
